# CS-320-Software-Test-Automation

# How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
Ensuring that my code or program is both functional and secure involves combining techniques and standards of software developement practices. For instance, to create code that is functional involves introducing comprehensive test cases that test for various scenarios, like unit testing and integration testing. Each of these type of tests help to modularize the program by acting as a safety net for boundary conditions while also meeting the programs functional requirements. When it comes to making sure code is secure, following secure coding practices is essential. For instance, secure coding practices such as input validation, proper error handling, and secure authentication can all be utilized in a programs design to embolden a programs security. Each of these practices both are necessary and help create a program that not only meets its functional requirements but also provide peace of mind in making sure the program is sufficiently secure.
  
# How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
Interpreting user needs falls back to the fundamental aspects of the Software Development Lifecycle where the initial stage of requirements is emphasized. Gathering a users needs and incorporating them into a program involves first engaging with the user to understand their requirements. Once the specific requirements are determined then I can develop user stories and use cases that help to outline all of the requirements for the program. When it comes to designing a program, I feel the best method to use is the agile method where I can continuously perform iterative development throughout the initial stages of the program and continuously garner feedback from the user to ensure the program is adhering to the users requirements. Testing can also be incorporated to ensure the program is free from any bugs, errors, or vulnerabilities early in the development. For instance, automated testing can be employed during the developement stage, which creates more opportunity to focus on the actual development during the lifecycle as opposed to the testing phase primarily. On an end note, I can interpret a users needs and incorporate them into a program by gathering the necessary feedback and requirements and then combine those into a design facilitated by illustrating various use cases and user stories. 

# How do I approach designing software?
How I approach designing software involves first identifying the specific requirements the user is conveying and clearly outlining what the object of the software is going to be. This ensures the software is designed to not only meet the users needs but also functions as intended. However, throughout the SDLC the initial stage of gathering requirements is followed by the design stage where the initial layout of the program is conceptuatlized, often utilizign specific design patterns that can properly convey the requirements of the program. On top of that, the program is often revisited throughout multiple phases of the software lifecycle, ensuring that the program is staying on track with the users initial requirements. By gathering feedback and providing adequate documentation a program can adhere to the requirements of the user, even after the user may have voiced their initial requirements, which are subject to change during different stages of the lifecycle.
